motivational interviewing is this person-centered approach
for eliciting, a.k.a. drawing out,
behavior change.
by helping clients to explore and resolve
ambivalence...
that feeling of being stuck between a yes and a no.
So in the step of evoking,
we're getting into their own
internal motivations for change.
the "why."
We want to reinforce their internal motivations
to support the overall motivations for change.
We wanna nurture that seed.
So what we're gonna be doing is looking out for
change talk.
Does it sound like they are prepping?
Maybe they're actually mobilizing?
There's an acronym to help you for this
It's called DARN CAT.
Let's go through it.
Desire.
Ability.
Reasons.
Need.
Commitment.
Activation.
Taking Steps.